README.md, before:

# Hi there! 

Howdy! 👋 

You can find my own little slice of the internet at [sheldonhull.com](https://www.sheldonhull.com)

![Sheldon Hull's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sheldonhull&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&show_icons=true)

## Blog posts

![Latest blog post workflow](https://github.com/sheldonhull/sheldonhull/workflows/Latest%20blog%20post%20workflow/badge.svg)
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>date</th>
    <th>update</th>
  </tr>
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<tr><td>2021-08</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68852168/is-there-a-way-to-force-sync-visual-studio-code-extensions-on-a-seperate-machine/68852238#68852238">Answer by sheldonhull for Is there a way to force sync Visual Studio Code e...</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-08</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68852168/is-there-a-way-to-force-sync-visual-studio-code-extensions-on-a-seperate-machine">Is there a way to force sync Visual Studio Code extensions on a seperate ma...</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-07</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/rss-feed-from-hugo-site-with-broken-shortcodes-38b2">RSS Feed from Hugo Site With Broken Shortcodes</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-05</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/cool-way-to-compare-features-in-note-apps-d0">Cool Way to Compare Features in Note Apps</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/git-workflow-with-git-town-3h8n">Git Workflow With Git Town</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/incremental-and-consistent-5gne">Incremental and Consistent</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/working-with-powershell-objects-to-create-yaml-2kp0">Working With Powershell Objects to Create Yaml</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/nativefier-4foc">Nativefier</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/go-r1-day-27-8dk">Go R1 Day 27</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/github-pages-now-supports-private-pages-2hib">Github Pages Now Supports Private Pages</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/ensuring-profile-environment-variables-available-to-intellij-2pp">Ensuring Profile Environment Variables Available to Intellij</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/create-an-s3-lifecycle-policy-with-powershell-57hd">Create an S3 Lifecycle Policy with PowerShell</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/leverage-renovate-for-easy-dependency-updates-2i1">Leverage Renovate for Easy Dependency Updates</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/go-r1-day-26-4ie9">Go R1 Day 26</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2020-10</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64293409/execute-managed-aws-config-rule-on-demand-via-sdk/64340044#64340044">Answer by sheldonhull for Execute managed AWS Config rule on demand via SDK</a></td></tr>

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->
</table>

## survey says 

- 🔭  I’m currently working on: AWS and minimizing the amount of chaos I generate
- 🌱  I’m currently learning: #golang and improving my serverless chops
- 👯  I’m looking to collaborate on: chatops
- 🤔  I’m looking for help with: #golang, #chatops, and #serverless
- 💬  Ask me about anything
- 📫  How to reach me: post a comment on my blog, including about page. It will automatically open a public github issue for dialogue on anything, or reach out on my blog social media links.
- 😄  Pronouns: he/him


## Fellow Dev FAQ:

- _Preferred Editor:_ Visual Studio Code
- _Light or Dark Theme:_ Dark, of course. Currently using City Lights Dark Theme.
- _Spaces or Tabs:_ Spaces, simply because most of the tooling in the DevOps arena expects it. Font: Jet Brains Mono & FuraCode Nerd Font Mono (ligature based font)
- _Source Control:_ Git
- _Automation:_ Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions (GitLab also seems promising)
- _Preferred Computer Setup:_ Ultrawide, mechanical keyboard, and latte...
- _Blog:_ As time permits, sheldonhull.com, though most projects I've done are not public 
- _Terminal:_ macOS Iterm2, Windows 10 - The newer Windows Terminal. Starship for prompt.
- _If I was an emoji I'd be:_ 🌮🌮🌮


credit:
* [GitHub Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
* [Blog Post Workflow](https://github.com/gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow)

Commit message:

feat: contact info and direct links to ama

README.md, after:

# Hi there! 

Howdy! 👋 

You can find my own little slice of the internet at [sheldonhull.com](https://www.sheldonhull.com)

![Sheldon Hull's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sheldonhull&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&show_icons=true)

## Ask me Anything

[↗ Ask me Anything](https://github.com/sheldonhull/sheldonhull.hugo/discussions/new?category=ama)

If you want to chat in a less public way, DM's are open on twitter. 

[🐦 Direct Message Me On Twitter](https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=247477081&text=connecting%20from%20your%20site...)

## Blog posts

![Latest blog post workflow](https://github.com/sheldonhull/sheldonhull/workflows/Latest%20blog%20post%20workflow/badge.svg)
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>date</th>
    <th>update</th>
  </tr>
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<tr><td>2021-08</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68852168/is-there-a-way-to-force-sync-visual-studio-code-extensions-on-a-seperate-machine/68852238#68852238">Answer by sheldonhull for Is there a way to force sync Visual Studio Code e...</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-08</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68852168/is-there-a-way-to-force-sync-visual-studio-code-extensions-on-a-seperate-machine">Is there a way to force sync Visual Studio Code extensions on a seperate ma...</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-07</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/rss-feed-from-hugo-site-with-broken-shortcodes-38b2">RSS Feed from Hugo Site With Broken Shortcodes</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-05</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/cool-way-to-compare-features-in-note-apps-d0">Cool Way to Compare Features in Note Apps</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/git-workflow-with-git-town-3h8n">Git Workflow With Git Town</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/incremental-and-consistent-5gne">Incremental and Consistent</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-02</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/working-with-powershell-objects-to-create-yaml-2kp0">Working With Powershell Objects to Create Yaml</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/nativefier-4foc">Nativefier</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/go-r1-day-27-8dk">Go R1 Day 27</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/github-pages-now-supports-private-pages-2hib">Github Pages Now Supports Private Pages</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/ensuring-profile-environment-variables-available-to-intellij-2pp">Ensuring Profile Environment Variables Available to Intellij</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/create-an-s3-lifecycle-policy-with-powershell-57hd">Create an S3 Lifecycle Policy with PowerShell</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/leverage-renovate-for-easy-dependency-updates-2i1">Leverage Renovate for Easy Dependency Updates</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2021-01</td><td><a href="https://dev.to/sheldonhull/go-r1-day-26-4ie9">Go R1 Day 26</a></td></tr>
<tr><td>2020-10</td><td><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64293409/execute-managed-aws-config-rule-on-demand-via-sdk/64340044#64340044">Answer by sheldonhull for Execute managed AWS Config rule on demand via SDK</a></td></tr>

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->
</table>

## survey says 

- 🔭  I’m currently working on: AWS and minimizing the amount of chaos I generate
- 🌱  I’m currently learning: #golang and improving my serverless chops
- 👯  I’m looking to collaborate on: chatops
- 🤔  I’m looking for help with: #golang, #chatops, and #serverless
- 💬  Ask me about anything
- 📫  How to reach me: post a comment on my blog, including about page. It will automatically open a public github issue for dialogue on anything, or reach out on my blog social media links.
- 😄  Pronouns: he/him


## Fellow Dev FAQ:

- _Preferred Editor:_ Visual Studio Code
- _Light or Dark Theme:_ Dark, of course. Currently using City Lights Dark Theme.
- _Spaces or Tabs:_ Spaces, simply because most of the tooling in the DevOps arena expects it. Font: Jet Brains Mono & FuraCode Nerd Font Mono (ligature based font)
- _Source Control:_ Git
- _Automation:_ Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions (GitLab also seems promising)
- _Preferred Computer Setup:_ Ultrawide, mechanical keyboard, and latte...
- _Blog:_ As time permits, sheldonhull.com, though most projects I've done are not public 
- _Terminal:_ macOS Iterm2, Windows 10 - The newer Windows Terminal. Starship for prompt.
- _If I was an emoji I'd be:_ 🌮🌮🌮


credit:
* [GitHub Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
* [Blog Post Workflow](https://github.com/gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow)
